like my house is very cramped yeah I
guess farmhouse take it earlier that
feeling that's the ceiling because I
don't care about this oh my god i'm sure
you like American Gothic know it no go
go find me stuff some improbably a fan
lancha I don't have mountains I don't
have mountains Donna from now it doesn't
have melons I do not have melon this is
a problem mountains I want you to think
about that no melons equals one unhappy
donut you don't like don't know when
he's unhappy I hate melons personally
but I do need them to make make fancy
stuff oh well I still got my hoe and
shovel look at those rap come look at
this look at this look ma'am hey Pam I
hit you with it BAM look like I'm with
me time and farming materials these are
a diamond like me when I'm angry I'll go
find the area 11 record but they have to
explore endless caves you're with me
your Explorer I got message to go back
up your Explorer my title is dragons
player draggled reference light is being
explorer Wow some tuna how to run the
fuck away I'm in the jungle you're gonna
die welcome to the jungle we got fun and
games we got everything you need we know
the name is so split socket yes you're
my shoot yet lucky part of town done' a
town well I went I went towards the
direction we were like to where you're
building your house and all I found will
honor is gonna message from Kim with a
picture of her titties saying I want you
tell her that we're all says hi I just
text her it's a noble her vagina I just
told her that rock says hi sniff your
way back gotta watch the fuck out the
smell smells donuts farm and it's dying
chicken now I find a desk there you go
village is mainly spawn in deserts I am
in I just found it I'm gonna desert so I
don't good luck finding Mike
shut up punk done no fuck you I fucking
arrow asshole fuck how I'm dying finally
fuck your shit rock oh wow I don't think
we have enough like we're in oh my god i
might freakin die stop it when I'm done
too I love chopping down trees I don't I
show you to use the diamond to make a
fucking when you have you ever enchanted
a axe before don't know the last acts i
enchanted if you if you break the bottom
block all the blocks above it died and
they late just falls to the ground I am
jungle man a city a year ago now i want
you i want you to stop where you are
take shrink the fuck down I don't want
to do that scary I want to find my way
back to look I'm still level one LOL
fuckin dyin no I ought to buy kravis
card and it just broke I was watching
one of our videos today and someone was
like don't pick on rock and I'm pick on
me I banned him you could ban people me
shut up rolling cocos the disco goes you
should make like a rep cuff yo home take
your apartment my apartment it'd be a
small ass it could be a small ass
replica ok I'll do it like the 101 ratio
the man it's not gonna be one to one
ratio I'm probably yeah yeah it is
they're probably gonna skew it a little
bit but oh no ok I have the Halloween
spirit bro well I've already giant build
on I've already fucked this up so I'm
gonna have to move these doors look don
omar let's draw brooke computer but it
did penis puffer let me let on
why are you so Francois her apt Erica
yeah I see you on my porch I'm over here
watching you it's been anything into
thing III saw you when you bend over
what was it put a million fuck up
there's a problem there's an Enderman in
my garden and the zombie my guy wise
enterman had disappeared from the rain
how does ami get in my garden fucking
school like body hasn't mean we as a
beat to he's as a maid oh oh my god they
know you're the secret dear streams I'm
surrounding your house Wow oh fuck my
phone so he hasn't made tater fries
Australian neza either mate man people
playing Minecraft they're always British
man those people are gonna give Koreans
OnStar traffic and saying it's only
because we're not a little anything else
okay chicken parm I think it's time for
you guys need fed make more babies check
okay chickens have broken through you
know one of those like sledding tubes
rock is gay LOL yolo motherfucker what's
the difference from an innie to into
band out oh my god we have any diamond
left don't I can I kill him I was it
more comfortable with the owl thankful
belly but how would you rather have him
in here and Audi I don't know what's one
comfortable and if it i feel like the
audi was just caught on stuff in he's
pretty cool because sometimes is cotton
in your any take it out fuck is a the
rock sometimes people shouldn't talk the
whole time weiser poeple someplace at
these places I don't know well it's so I
could get over the fences I hate you
Rock come get rid of them no they're
it's convenient I'm getting rid of the
inside Pence's